You do not know me and you're most likely wondering why you're getting this email?    Neither anyone has compensated me to investigate you.    First option is to disregard this message.    You visited this site to have fun (you know what I mean).    You have only 2 alternatives.    Think about concerning the shame that you receive.    You'll make the payment via Bitcoin (search for 'how to buy Bitcoin').    Number two choice should be to compensate me USD 876.    Let us call it a donation.    Subsequently, I most certainly will quickly erase your video footage.    You will keep on going your way of life like this never happened and you will not ever hear back again from me.    If you have been wondering about going to the law enforcement officials, very well.    This e mail cannot be traced back to me.    I prefer to be rewarded.    I have covered my actions.    I am also not attempting to charge you so much.    If I don't get the Bitcoin, I will, no doubt send your video recording to all of your contacts including family members, colleagues, etc.    However, if I receive the payment, I'll destroy the recording immediately.    If you want to have evidence, reply.    This is a non-negotiable offer.    That being said please do not waste mine time & yours by responding to this email message.    Hope all is well.    Simply wanted to share this.    Get you bottle of validated cannabidiol with MCT to increase effectiveness!    Looking for a gorgeous woman?    A user has just signed in to your Facebook Account from a new device.    We are sending you this email to verify that it is you.    RESPONSE NEEDED.    We are Web Design and Development firm.    We offer a variety of services.    If you're interested & looking forward to any of these above services Share your requirements with us.    I'll be happy to share the further details with you.    Thanks so much!    TRULY PROFESSIONAL.    BEAUTIFUL AND APPEALING TO ALL.    WEBSITES AND MARKETING.    SCIENTOLOGY-HANDBOOK-googleIT!    SOLUTIONS TO MAJOR PROBLEMS OF LIFE.    MAKE $1,000 IN YOUR FIRST MONTH.    Get Started for free on the #1 trusted dating site.    Debt Relief That Works.    We've resolved the most debt for struggling Americans.    Let us help you.    The Answer To Your Debt.    Get a free debt relief consultation.    Learn about your options.    Find a plan that fits your budget.    Resolve debt in 24-48 months.    This is a solicitation.    Please note that all calls with the company may be recorded or monitored for quality assurance and training purposes.    Clients who are able to stay with the program and get all their debt settled realize approximate savings of 50% before fees, or 30% including our fees, over 24 to 48 months.    All claims are based on enrolled debts.    Not all debts are eligible for enrollment.    Not all clients complete our program for various reasons, including their ability to save sufficient funds.    Estimates based on prior results, which will vary based on specific circumstances.    We do not guarantee that your debts will be lowered by a specific amount or percentage or that you will be debt-free within a specific period of time.    We do not assume consumer debt, make monthly payments to creditors or provide tax, bankruptcy, accounting or legal advice or credit repair services.    Not available in all states.    Please contact a tax professional to discuss tax consequences of settlement.    Please consult with a bankruptcy attorney for more information on bankruptcy.    Depending on your state, we may be available to recommend a local tax professional and/or bankruptcy attorney.    Read and understand all program materials prior to enrollment, including potential adverse impact on credit rating.    Our mailing address is: National Debt Relief, LLC, 11 Broadway 16th Floor, New York, NY 10004, USA.    Want your students to get hands-on experience in project management?    Help your students build their confidence and career readiness with solid project management skills in Oracle Primavera.    Join teacher and presenter John Buttelwerth on Wednesday, March 27 at 11 am EST for our free webcast.    Providing your students with practice prioritizing, planning, managing, and delivering successful projects, programs, and portfolios.    Guidance on how to teach your students to use the software to meet expectations of future construction employers.    An overview of eight labs that give students the opportunity to create a realistic project schedule, and adding to it as they deepen their understanding of the software.    bullet 	A discussion of how to tie the labs to the lecture portion of your course, and methods of grading, using the examples of two sample final tests.    Time to answer questions.    Lynching is a murder.    It’s torture.    After a century of trying, it’s still not a federal crime.    We must speak the truth about our past.    These were horrendous acts of violence motivated by racism.    And victims and families never received justice.    I'm so proud we were able to get this done.    We’re now one step closer to getting this bill finally signed into law.    As Dr Martin Luther King, Jr once said, "The time is always right to do what is right".    Show your love by making plans to share your love.    Platelet or plasma donors can call.    Your A+ blood is needed and giving blood is the perfect gift.    When you give you will also receive 500 bonus Hero Rewards points.    If you can't make it on Valentine's Day, you can always donate in the coming days and weeks.    What started in 1941 continues today in over 45 local hospitals.    It takes 500 donations each day to meet the needs.    Thank you for your support and we look forward to seeing you soon.    The Nigerian prince scam will never die.    I shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your Bank account for safekeeping.    This arrangement is known to you and my junior brother (Abbas) only.    So I will deal directly with you.    I am proposing a 20% share of the fund to you for your kind assistance.    I shall provide for you all the documents of the fund deposit with the security firm, and raise a power of attorney to enable you claim and receive this fund into your bank account.    I have done a thorough homework and fine-tuned the best way to create you as the beneficiary to the funds and effect the transfer accordingly.    Is rest assured that the modalities I have resolved to finalize the entire project guarantees our safety and the successful transfer of the funds.    So, you will be absolutely right when you say that this project is risk free and viable.    If you are capable and willing to assist, contact me at once via email with following details: 1) YOUR NAME 2) POSTAL ADDRESS 3) PHONE AND FAX NUMBERS.    lso this transaction demands absolute confidentiality.    On no condition must you disclose it to anybody irrespective of your relation with the person.    Remember, loose lips sinks ship.    I am looking forward to your urgent and positive response via my email address above.    Note: Do not send emails, you can contact me directly on the tel-number or by sending me a satellite message stating your telephone number and email address contact on this number just given to you using the link online below.    There, you will see send a satellite message to my sat tel-number.    I am a member of the Federal Government Of Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC).    Sometime ago, a contract was awarded to a foreign firm in the Petroleum Trust Fund (PTF) BY MY COMMITTEE.    This contract was over invoiced to the tune of us$ 215 Million Dollars.    This was done delibrately.    The over - invoicing was a deal by my committee to benefit from the project.    We not want to transfer this money, which is in a suspense account with the PTF into any oversea account, which we expect you to provide for us.    60 % of the money would be for my partners and I, 30 % of the money would be yours.    For providing us with logistics, which, would include a safe bank account, where we shall facilitate funds transfer into, as soon as documentations are concluded over here 10 % of the money has been mapped out from the total sum to cover any expenses that might be incurred during the course of the transaction, (both local and international expenses).    If interested in assisting us, please contact me via my secured satellite tel number- 881-631-410-574, specially procured for this project, using the text message.    It may interest you to know that a similar transaction was carried out with one Mr Patrice Miller, President of Crane International Trading Corp, of 153 East 57th St, 28th floor, NY 10022, Telephone: 212-308-7788 and Telex: 6731689.    The deal was concluded and all covering documents, forwarded to Mr Miller to authenticate the claims.    Once the funds were transferred, Mr Miller presented to his bank, all the legal documents and remitted the whole funds to another bank account, and disappeared completely.    My colleagues and I were shattered, since such opportunities are not easy to come by.    Please, if you are interested in assisting us carry out to the fullest capacity, this transaction, we would require the following information from you which would enable us make formal application to the various ministries / parastatals, for the release and onward transfer of the money to your account.    1) Your Full Name, Company's Name, Address, Telephone and Fax Numbers 2) Your Bank Name, Address, Telephone and Fax Number 3) Your Bank Account Number and Beneficiary Name - You must be the signatory.    Please, note that we have strong and reliable connections at the Central Bank Of Nigeria and other Government Parastatals, hence assistance in this regards, would not be a problem.    At the conclusion of this transaction, we shall use same contacts to withdraw all documents used in the course of this, to avoid any trace whatsoever that may ever arise, to you or to us, now and in the nearest possible future.    It might also interest you to know that we are mere civil servants who do not want to miss this opportunity, hence, we want this money transferred out, as soon as possible, before the newly democratically elected government ever think of making enquiries as regards the various activities of the past military government.    Kindly contact me as soon as possible, whether or not you are interested in this deal, so that whereby you are not interested, it would give us more room to scout for another partner.    But if you are interested, kindly contact me via above email, telephone or fax, so that we can swing into action, as time is not on our part.    Send me your email address and tel-number if interested for re-verification that you actually received this mail.    I am Dr Bakare Tunde, the cousin of Nigerian Astronaut, Air Force Major Abacha Tunde.    He was the first African in space when he made a secret flight to the Salyut 6 space station in 1979.    He was on a later Soviet spaceflight, Soyuz T-16Z to the secret Soviet military space station Salyut 8T in 1989.    He was stranded there in 1990 when the Soviet Union was dissolved.    His other Soviet crew members returned to earth on the Soyuz T-16Z, but his place was taken up by return cargo.    There have been occasional Progrez supply flights to keep him going since that time.    He is in good humor, but wants to come home.    In the 14-years since he has been on the station, he has accumulated flight pay and interest amounting to almost $ 15,000,000 American Dollars.    This is held in a trust at the Lagos National Savings and Trust Association.    If we can obtain access to this money, we can place a down payment with the Russian Space Authorities for a Soyuz return flight to bring him back to Earth.    I am told this will cost $ 3,000,000 American Dollars.    In order to access the his trust fund we need your assistance.    Consequently, my colleagues and I are willing to transfer the total amount to your account or subsequent disbursement, since we as civil servants are prohibited by the Code of Conduct Bureau (Civil Service Laws) from opening and/ or operating foreign accounts in our names.    Needless to say, the trust reposed on you at this juncture is enormous.    In return, we have agreed to offer you 20 percent of the transferred sum, while 10 percent shall be set aside for incidental expenses (internal and external) between the parties in the course of the transaction.    You will be mandated to remit the balance 70 percent to other accounts in due course.    Please my dear, I repose great confidence in you and I hope you will not betray my confidence in you.    I have secretly deposited the sum of $30,000,000 with a security firm abroad whose name is withheld for now until we open communications.    The money is contained in a metal box consignment with Security Deposit Number 009GM.    ALTERNATIVE EMAIL: (patrickdan@rediffmail.    om).    Please permit me to make your acquaintance in so informal a manner.    This is necessitated by my urgent need to reach a dependable and trust wordy foreign partner.    This request may seem strange and unsolicited but I will crave your indulgence and pray that you view it seriously.    My name is DAN PATRICK of the Democratic Republic of Congo and One of the close aides to the former President of the Democratic Republic of Congo LAURENT KABILA of blessed memory, may his soul rest in peace.    Due to the military campaign of LAURENT KABILA to force out the rebels in my country, I and some of my colleagues were instructed by Late President Kabila to go abroad to purchase arms and ammunition worth of Twenty Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only (US$20,500,000) to fight the rebel group.    But when President Kabila was killed in a bloody shoot-out by one of his aide a day before we were schedule to travel out of Congo, We immediately decided to divert the fund into a private security company here in Congo for safe keeping.    The security of the said amount is presently being threatened here following the arrest and seizure of properties of Col Asheidi Karesava (One of the aides to Laurent Kabila) a tribesman, and some other Military Personnel from our same tribe, by the new President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the son of late President Laurent Kabila, Joseph Kabila.    In view of this, we need a reliable and trustworthy foreign partner who can assist us to move this money out of my country as the beneficiary.    WE have sufficient ''CONTACTS'' to move the fund under Diplomatic Cover to a security company in the Europe in your name.    This is to ensure that the Diplomatic Baggage is marked ''CONFIDENTIAL'' and it will not pass through normal custom/airport screening and clearance.    Our inability to move this money out of Congo all This while lies on our lack of trust on our supposed good friends (western countries) who suddenly became hostile to those of us who worked with the late President Kabila, immediately after his son took office.    Though we have neither seen nor met each other, the information we gathered from an associate who has worked in your country has encouraged and convinced us that with your sincere assistance, this transaction will be properly handled with modesty and honesty to a huge success within two weeks.    The said money is a state fund and therefore requires a total confidentiality.    Thus, if you are willing to assist us move this fund out of Congo, you can contact me through my email address above with your telephone, fax number and personal information to enable us discuss the modalities and what will be your share (percentage) for assisting us.    I must use this opportunity and medium to implore You to exercise the utmost indulgence to keep this Matter extraordinarily confidential, Whatever your Decision, while I await your prompt response.    NOTE: FOR CONFIDENTIALITY, I WILL ADVISE YOU REPLY ME ON MY ALTERNATIVE EMAIL BOX.    As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I believe everyone will die someday.    My name is Peter Lawson,a merchant in Dubai, in the UAEI have been diagnosed with Esophageal Cancer which was discovered very late,due to my laxity in carrying for my health.    It has defiled all forms of medicine, and right now I have only about a few months to live, according to medical experts.    I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for anyone not even myself but my business.    Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I was always hostile to people and only focus on my business as that was the only thing I cared for.    But now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world.    I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would live my life a different way from how I have lived it.    Now that God has called me, I have willed and given most of my properties and assets to my immediate and extended family members and as well as a few close friends.    I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul and so, I have decided to give arms to charity organizations and give succour and confort to the less priviledged in our societies, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I do on earth.    So far, I have distributed money to some charity organizations in the UAE, Algeria and Malaysia.    Now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this my self anymore.    I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which I have there to charity organization and to the less priviledged in Bulgaria and Pakistan, they refused and kept the money to themselves.    Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what I have left for them.    The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of twenty four million dollars that I have with a Security Company in Europe for safe keeping.    I will want you to help me collect this deposit and disburse it to some charity organizations and to the less priviledged.    Please send me a mail to indicate if you will assist me in this disbursement.    I have set aside 10% for you for your time and patience.    I am Mr paul agabi, a Lawyer by profession.    I am the personal attorney to Mr Charles (my surname), a national of your country, who used to work with Chevron Oil Exploration Company in Nigeria, herein after shall be referred to as my client.    On the 21st of April 2000, my client, his wife and their onlye child were involved in a car accident along Lagos - Ibadan express road.    All occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost there lives.    Since then I have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives.    This has proved unsuccessful.    I came to know about you through an enquiry I was making in the internet, and I found out you shared the same surname with my client, which is why I have decided to contact you, in order to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank.    Particularly, in a local commercial bank here where the deceased had an account valued at about US$ 15 Million Dollars, has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confisticated within the next ten official working days.    Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you have the same last name so that the proceeds of this account valued at US$15 Million Dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money, on the ratio of 50% for me, and 50% for you.    I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make.    All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this business through.    I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law.    Please get in touch with me by email and send to me your telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further about the details of this transaction.    This letter is not intended to to cause any embarrassment but just to contact your esteem self-following the knowledge of your high repute and trustworthiness.    I am Mohammed Abacha, the son of the late Nigerian Head of State who died on the 8th of June 1998.    If you are conversant with world news, you would understand better, while I got your contacts through my personal research.    Please, I need your assistance to make this happen and please; do not undermine it because it will also be a source of upliftment to you also.    You have absolutely nothing to loose in assisting us instead, you have so much to gain.    The then head of state General Sani Abacha, transferred the money through a Lebanese businessman, Chagoury and a Jewish business man, Mark Rissar to bank accounts overseas.    Instead, he used PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS (PIN) and declared the contents as Bearer Bonds and Treasury Bills.    Also the firm issued him with a certificate of deposit of the consignments notes, which I have these information in my custody now.    You must have heard over the media reports and the Internet on the recovery of various huge sums of money deposited by my late father in different Banks and security firms abroad.    Some of these banks and security firms willingly gave-/divulge their banking secrets and disclosed to the present civilian administration of Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, about my family's cash lodgement and monetary transactions with them.    My wife and I decided to donate the sum of $2,000,000,00 USD to you as part of our charity project to improve the lot of 20 lucky individuals all over the world from our $16.    5 Billion Usd I and My Wife Mapped out to help people before she died.    We prayed and searched over the internet for assistance because i saw your profile on Microsoft email owners list and picked you.    Rosalia my wife and i have decided to make sure this is put on the internet for the world to see.    My wife has cancer and she died at Colchester regional hospital, my wife just didn't die but she was a great person and I miss her so much and this is why I have decided to do one thing I promised her forever.    As you could see from the web page above, am not getting any younger and you can imagine having no much time to live.    Although I am a Billionaire Investor and we have helped some charity organizations from our Fund.    You see after taken care of the needs of our immediate family members, before she died we decided to donate the remaining of our Billions to other individuals around the world in need.    The local fire department, the red cross, Haiti, hospitals in Truro where Rosalia underwent her cancer treatment, and some other organizations in Asia and Europe that fight cancer, Alzheimer's and diabetes and the bulk of the funds deposited with our payout bank of this charity donation.    We have kept just 40% of the entire sum to ourselves for the remaining days because.    I am sick and am writing you from hospital computer because I don't know when I will die.    To facilitate the payment process of the funds ($2,000,000 USD) which have been donated solely to you, you are to send your below information to your assigned claims agent in Usa ( Rev Father Jonathan Moss on Email: ********@gmail-com ).    I am hoping that you will be able to use the money wisely and judiciously over there in your country.    Please, you have to do your part to also alleviate the level of poverty in your region, help as many as you can help once you have this money in your personal account because.    That is the only objective of donating this money to you in the first place.    I like to re-assure you of the legitimacy of this services as we will not be involved in any fraudulent act and will never be.    Use the money wisely, we only want to feel good by helping people this time of the year, this is the only thing that makes my wife happy too even now that she is not here with me anymore.    We have too much to give away as I only have a few months left on earth.    I will advise you as the prospective lucky Person to be calm not to loose this great opportunity which millions of people are trying to entangle but the chances just couldn't come for them because a lot of people are out there to discourage them as they don't know how it works, and have never seen such before.    Thank you for accepting our offer, we are indeed grateful.    I'm Dr Luco the Chief Priest of Ise High Temple, I'm posting this cause my spirits direct me to make this post.    I really can't tell why but I believe there's someone out there that might needs my help with something or there is someone out there that is passing through tough times and need spiritual guidance.    Ise High Temple is comprised of both Africa transitional healing and divinity.    We attend to all kinds of problems both spiritually and physically.    As a High Priest I have the powers to communicate with the Gods and intercede on behalf of humans, I also have the power to cast out negative energies that cause failure and bad luck in life, I also cleanse people from all negative force that cause failure, delay and disappointment in life, you can say l'm a mediator between men and the Gods.    For more information and possible solution to your problems kindly send me a mail and I assure that you will have your heartfelt desires.    My name is Harold Diamond, the current winner of $326 million on the just-concluded Mega Millions Jackpot on November 4, 2014.    I know this is surprising for you to have received this at this very early stage.    But because I just received the check on Monday, January 12, 2015 and I am excited, I am willing to donate $300,000 to you and as part of my effort to alleviate poverty and care for the less privileged around the world.    I have decided to donate to just five people.    For immediate release of these donated funds, send your full name, age, telephone number, and country.    We will instruct our payout bank to transfer the sum of $300,000 to you.    I am Dr.    Bakare Tunde, the cousin of a Nigerian Astronaut, Air Force Major Abacha Tunde.    He was the first African in space when he made a secret flight to the Salyut 6 space station in 1979.    He was on a later Soviet spaceflight, Soyuz T-16Z, to the secret Soviet military space station Salyut 8T in 1989.    He was stranded there in 1990 when the Soviet Union was dissolved.    His other Soviet crew members returned to Earth on the Soyuz T-16Z, but his place was taken up by return cargo.    There have been occasional supply flights to keep him going since that time.    He is in good humor but wants to come home.    In the 14 years since he has been on the station, he has accumulated flight pay and interest amounting to almost $15,000,000.    This is held in a trust at the Lagos National Savings and Trust Association.    If we can obtain access to this money, we can place a down payment with the Russian Space Authorities for a return flight to bring him back to Earth.    In order to access his trust fund, we need your assistance.    Let you know that I won USA deaf awareness lottery from Mr IAN MILTON.    I won the sum of $500,000 and I have gotten the money already.    IAN MILTON told me that many deaf people won the lottery and I asked him to show me a list of winners and when he showed me the list.    I found out that your name and email address was on the winning list.    Did you heard from Mr IAN MILTON yet, if not, you better Email him to [redacted]@USA.    OM or TEXT # [redacted] right now because they also have good news for you.    I am Mr Pang Man Yiu, director of operations at Dah Sing Bank Ltd.    I have an obscured business suggestion for you.    Before the US and Iraqi war, our client Colonel Fakhri Elmaleh, who was with the Iraqi forces and also a businessman, made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months, with a value of twenty nine million five hundred thousand United State Dollars in my branch.    We later found out that the Colonel and his family had been killed during the war in a bomb blast that hit their home.    I have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to Colonel Fakhri Elmaleh.    All that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full name and address so that the attorney can commence his job.    My name is David, a Member of the Confederation of the Food and Drink Industries of the EU, France president of the Union of European Union Group of The Coca-Cola Company.    Right now we are working on a job for Coca cola in the United states and UK, France, Canada.    I’d like to know if you are interested in modeling, for your photos would be displayed on billboards, magazines and all major international airports in the USA.    We go around selecting pictures and photos that fit the required standard we have set down, from different sites on the Internet such as dating and modeling sites.    I saw your photo on this site and I think they fit our criteria perfectly.    Please let me know if you are interested in this Job.    For starters, you get $450 before photo shoot after which you may negotiate your contract pay.    Its also may be a chance to attain noticeable fame.    lease do not reply via this site, as your mail would not be answered.    Get back to me via if you are interested in this offer and I would give you further details.    I  know you may have been contacted in the past and your help solicited concerning an inheritance and may be it turned out to be a scam.    I was a  servant at the presidential palace in Burkina Faso until when the president was overthrown.    Presently we are in Cote d’Ivoire and the president is in hiding here.    He asked me to seek your assistance to help  us move some money abroad.    If you feel you can help us, kindly reply.    If however you are not willing to help us, please do not expose what I have revealed to you.    Please do not expose what I have revealed to you.    I beat you after reading this research article you will believe that I am  more intelligent then you.    Article is available on http://energyefficientmechanism.    logspot.    om/.    You will believe that I am  more intelligent then you.    I am  more intelligent then you.    If you buy them both now for $10000 I will provide you with the world renowned gummy bear juice with the domain names sent straight to your door.    The Gummy Bear juice issues you with super bouncing power that you can use to scam other people with your profound Swahili antics!    I can only do this if I produce Gummy Bear Juice but I don’t have any.    I will be pleased to help you with this for a charge of $950,000,000 dollars per hour.    I feel this is a reasonable amount due to the weak dollar or alternatively you quid quit the scamming that no-one falls for as we have more brains than you and your scamming friends have rubbed together and get yourself a REAL job, stop scamming the general public.    You might not know anything about me and you obviously are certainly wanting to know why you're reading this e-mail, is it right?    I'm a hacker who opened your email and OStwo months ago.    Never attempt to get in touch with me or find me, it's not possible, because I directed you a letter from YOUR account that I've hacked.    I developed spyware on the adult site and suppose that you enjoyed this site to have a good time (think you understand what I want to say).    Whilst you were watching movies, your browser began operating like a RDP (Remote Control) that have a keylogger which gave me ability to access your monitor and camera.    After that, my software program got all data.    You put passcodes on the web-sites you visited, and I caught them.    Without a doubt, you are able modify each of them, or already modified them.    However it doesn't matter, my app updates it every 5 minutes.    And what did I do?    I compiled a reserve copy of your device of all files and each contact.    I got a dual-screen videofile.    The first section shows the clip you were observing (you have got the perfect taste, haha), the second part displays the video from your web camera.    What actually do you have to do?    Well, in my view, $1000 USD is a good amount of money for our small riddle.    You will do the payment by bitcoins (if you don't recognize this, go searching “how to purchase bitcoin” in Google).    My bitcoin wallet address, 12xDmKxf28FStr6pxVCbv56sPf2nvL3jmT (It is cAsE sensitive, so just copy and paste it).    You have 2 days to make the payment (I put an unique pixel in this email, and from now I know that you have read through this email).    To track the reading of a letter and the actions within it, I use a Facebook pixel, thanks to them (Anything that is applied for the authorities may also help us).    The authorities may also help us.    In case I fail to get bitcoins, I shall undoubtedly send your video files to all your contacts, along with relatives, co-workers, and many more.    I Heath Raymond, the founder exclusively latest formula action on the field trade.    Most probably not known then the will you make sure what is there everything is simply simple according to my formula.




REQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE,    FROM: MR DAN PATRICK,    DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO,    Dear Sir,    SEEKING YOUR IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE,    Dear Friend,    From: Dr.Goronyo Baba,    ATTENTION President / CEO    Strictly Confidential,    Urgent Business Proposal,    Re: Transfer Of USD $21,500,000,    Dear (recipaints name),    Dear Sir/Madam,    God bless you Mr. XXXXXXXXX,    Dear Beloved,    Hello,    I am told this will cost $3,000,000,    Thank you for writing me back,    We need your assistance,    I hope you heard about my good news lately,    Hello...    My name is David,    David,    Dearest one,    Subject: How big scientist you are let's see,    Hi, your account is hacked!    Renew your pswd right now!    I'm a hacker,    Attention,    Glad to say hello,    Can you help me?    Get back to me urgently,


I wait in anticipation,    Our fullest co-operation,    Yours Faithfully,    Best Regards,    Thank you and God Bless,    Remain blessed,    E-mail me at:plawson@hknetmail.com,    While I await to hear from you,    May God be with you,    Have a nice day,    May the bless of the Gods be with you,    You Can Google my name for more information,    Please see the link below,    God bless you Mr. XXXXXXXXX,    Thank you for writing me back,    I am told this will cost $3000000,    We need your assistance,    My name is David,    I look forward to your quick response,    Thanking you,    Best Regards,    Glad to say hello,    Can you help me?    Bonsoir,    World's 4th-Richest Man,    Do not let this pass you by,    Love,    GOD BLESS USA,    REGARDS,    Yours in Service,    Best Regards,    Dear Beneficiary,    Thanks,


Mr. Adebayo Adelabu    Deputy Governor (CBN)    Mr. XXXXXXXXX    World's 4th-richest man Billionaire Investor    Billionaire Investor    Dr. Goronyo Baba    Mohammed Abacha    Mr.Peter Lawson    MR. DAN PATRICK    Agabi and Associates    Mr. Paul Agabi    Solicitors and Advocates    5th floor Unity House, Lagos    From: Mohammed Abacha    Lagos-Nigeria Tel: 234-80-34069502    http://www.iridium.com/    Dr. Luca Email: [REDACTED]    http://www-******************    UNITED NATIONS OFFICE    Burkina Faso    From: jigar patel     <jig_patel_1982@yahoo.com>    Jigar Y. Patel    403 Varun Apartments, India    Bangalore-560094, India    Nagshettihali, India    R.M.V 2nd Stage, India    Shanice Belingui    Your Sister from Shanghai    Medium Theresa    Mr Ban Ki-Moon    Tele: +229 6263 7448    Officer: Sectary Steven Mnuchin    Sectary Steven Mnuchin    Email: sectarysteventmnuchin@gmail.com    Major General Babagana    National Security Adviser    President Republic of Nigeria    Federal Republic of Nigeria

































































Instructions and registration form here &lt;http://intelclab. ru/goto/14832398654/385053/aHR0cDovL2ZyZWdhdHZ5Ym9yZy5jb20=>; .


His development I tested on his 8 year old son he almost set by questions not set. Which means I think what you got is all gonna work out as soon as you want to. In short - we do not need work schedules, contracts, sales, investments, boss and so on. Your actions are such that after activation to take personally the key to the formula and after video instructions to make a few steps. Everybody! Once a day to see the situation and to see sales growth.


For whatever reason, I'm giving away your scheme? He will get 30 a man that is my contribution today in the life of my people. To give my goal the joy just for you!

The algorithm and registration form here &lt;http://intelclab. ru/goto/14832398654/385053/aHR0cDovL2ZyZWdhdHZ5Ym9yZy5jb20=>.

PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS OF US$4. 500.000.00 CERTIFIED FUNDS:

Good day,and how are you today? Please blame us not you may think that we forget to transfer your funds no but verification to know whether you are not real beneficiary that is why we no mailing you since but thank GOD that after the investigation we find out that the total ($4500.000.00) Four Million five hundred thousand United state dollars was yours and every arrange was made normal now,

Your where given a bill of sum in order to receive your Payment of which we didn’t hear from you for sometime now. Hence, our (WESTERN UNION and MONEY GRAM MANAGEMENT) is now offering a Special bonus to help all our customers that are abandoned their payment in our custody because of their financial difficulties. In order words we now requesting that those involve should go and pay the sum of $95.00 only to receive all their Payment abandoned in our custody and return the balance sum upon receipt since you find it difficult to raise the needed sum.

Besides, my dear, this is the opportunity for you to comply and your funds shall be transfer to your destination address. also note that after (3DAYS) if you didn't make the payment of $95.00 then we will divert your funds to government account to avoid any problem or we will cancel your payment file. So be advise to send $95.00.immediately if you still be willing to claim your payment so that we will register your payment once we receive the transfer charges because you will start receiving your payment as from tomorrow morning.

SEND THE $95.00 THROUGH WESTERN UNION OR MONEY GRAM WITH THE BELOW ADDRESS:

RECEIVER NAME: ::;;(AHMED KOLAWOLE YAYA)

COUNTRY: BENIN REPUBLIC

COUNTRY CODE... 00229

QUESTION: HONEST?

ANSWER: TRUST

AMOUNT: $95.00

SENDER NAME......?

MTCN OR REFERENCE NUMBER....?

I am here giving you 100 % Percent guarantee that this is the only money you will pay and after you pay it you will start receiving your daily pay immediately. I will be waiting to have the payment information in order to enable us release first $7000.00. first thing tomorrow morning. Forward the payment control number, sender name and address after sending to enable pick up the money in this Department office here.

I wish you good luck.

Yours in service

MR.TONY KING

{tony0kings@gmail.com}

WESTERN UNION MANAGEMENT

BENIN REPUBLIC FOREIGN CONTRACTOR

OFFICE THIS IS OUR CONDUCT CODE (565)

PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS OF US$4. 500.000.00 CERTIFIED FUNDS:

CITY: CALAVI

Attention;

NOTE: If you received this message in your SPAM/BULK folder, it is because of the restrictions imposed by your Mail/Internet Service Provider, we urge you to treat it genuinely.

How are you today? Hope all is well with you and family? You may not understand why this email came to you. In regards to the recent meeting between the United Nations, Cyber Crimes Commission (CCc), Federal Bureau of Investigation(FBI) and the United States Government to restore the dignity and Economy ofa Nations based on the Agreement with the World Bank Assistance Project to help and make the world a better place. We have been having meetings for the past 3 months with the Secretary General of the United Nations.

This email come to those who are yet to receive their compensation/inheritance/winnings and who have been scammed in any part of the world, this includes every foreign contractors that may have not received their contract sum, and people that have had an unfinished transaction or Compensation payments that failed due to Government problems etc. Recently we the Federal Bureau of Investigation(FBI) arrested internet fraudsters and Scammer with large amount of money so if you are receiving this email its means you where select to be compensated as a scam victim among 100 selected victims with part of the money recover from the internet fraudsters account, . The UNITED NATIONS have agreed to compensate you with the sum of $20,000.000.00 USD (TWENTY MILLION DOLLARS).

100 people where selected across the Globe for this MIDDLE OF THE YEAR COMPENSATION and Your email was in the list submitted by our Monitoring Team observers and this is why we are contacting you, this have been agreed upon and have been signed, so you are advised to contact Mr. Samson lucas of the United Nations Compensation Commission, as he is our representative in United State Of America. Contact him immediately for your Compensation payment of $20,000.000.00 USD (TWENTY MILLION DOLLARS) which will be released directly to you in accordance with legal clearance and procedures.

It is my pleasure to inform you that your ATM Card Number; 4000128498979908 have been approved in your favor. Your Personal Identification Number is 6062. The ATM Card Value is $20,000.000.00 USD (TWENTY MILLION DOLLARS) You are advised that a most withdrawal value of $15,000.00 USD is permitted on withdrawal per Day and we are duly Inter Switch and you can make withdrawal in any Inter Switch site and ATM Center of your choice.

However, you should send him your

Full Name/

Telephone Number/

your Residential Address/

Gender:

Occupation:

New email address for this safety of this transaction

Contact Mr. Samson lucas immediately for your compensation payment:

Mr. Samson lucas

Director- General,

ATM Card Payment

Washington Field Office

Email: agentsamsonlucas@gmail.com

He is obliged to give you a call and treat your case with utmost urgency as soon as you contact him and fill out your correct details including all reachable phone numbers for him to get in touch with you via phone and email.

NOTE: Under normal circumstances the collection of your ATM CARD the IMF and the Finance Ministry insisted that you pay for the DELIVERY FEE ONLY of your ATM CARD via western union money transfer, which will cost you just $450 USD only, the western union or Money Gram payment receipt of $450 USD to the nominated courier company that will carry out with the delivery to your door step to be documented in your file as proof your collection. Ask Mr. Samson lucas for the instruction on how to send the delivery fee of $450 to him, Please note that the delivery fee can not be deducted from your ATM CARD due to the fact that no one has the authority to unlucky and use your ATM CARD on your behalf because you alone will be the one to first use the card for the first withdrawal with your secret code.

We also advise that you stop further communications with these imposters and forward any correspondence / proposal you receive from them to Mr. Samson lucas in other for the FBI to bring justice to them. Good luck and kind regards,

Making the world a better place!



I am well aware ******** is your passwords. Lets get directly to point. No one has compensated me to investigate you. You do not know me and you're probably thinking why you are getting this e-mail?

actually, i actually setup a software on the X videos (sex sites) website and do you know what, you visited this site to have fun (you know what i mean). When you were viewing video clips, your browser started out working as a Remote Desktop with a keylogger which gave me access to your display screen and web camera. immediately after that, my software program collected all your contacts from your Messenger, Facebook, and emailaccount. and then i created a double-screen video. 1st part displays the video you were viewing (you've got a good taste hahah), and next part displays the view of your web cam, & it is you.

You have got two solutions. Why dont we check out each of these solutions in aspects:

First solution is to skip this email. in this scenario, i most certainly will send your actual recorded material to each one of your personal contacts and you can easily imagine regarding the awkwardness you feel. Not to mention if you are in an intimate relationship, just how it will eventually affect?

Second solution would be to give me USD 879. i will think of it as a donation. in such a case, i will asap eliminate your video recording. You can resume your daily routine like this never occurred and you will not ever hear back again from me.

You'll make the payment via Bi‌tco‌in (if you don't know this, search 'how to buy b‌itcoi‌n' in Google).

B‌T‌C‌ ad‌dre‌ss: 1ELzee2T9Wd5YPTYhWbWD3xK7xB5tJ94J4

[CaSe-SeNSiTiVe copy & paste it]

Should you are making plans for going to the police, well, this message cannot be traced back to me. I have dealt with my steps. i am also not looking to ask you for a whole lot, i would like to be paid for. e-mail if i don't get the ‌bi‌tco‌in‌, i definitely will send out your video to all of your contacts including close relatives, co-workers, etc. Nonetheless, if i do get paid, i'll destroy the recording right away. If you want proof, reply with Yea then i definitely will send out your video to your 12 contacts. This is a non-negotiable offer and thus don't waste mine time and yours by responding to this mail.

FROM OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN, ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL CRIMES COMMISSION. CHIEF DR. IBRAHIM MUSTAFA MAGU(CHAIRMAN) NIGERIA INVESTIGATION BUREAU 14A AWOLOWO LANE, IKOYI LAGOS NIGERIA. WEBSITE: www.efcc.com Motto: No Body is Above the LAW (THE EAGLE)

(BE CAREFUL OF THE HOODLUMS / SCAMMERS)

Attn: Beneficiary,

I am Mr. Ibrahim Mustafa Magu the chairman of ECONOMIC & FINANCIAL CRIME COMMISSION (EFCC), EFCC in alliance with economic community of West African states (ECOWAS) with head Office here in Nigeria, We have been working towards the eradication of fraudsters and scam Artists in Western part of Africa With the help of United States Government and the United Nations.

We have been able to track down so many of this scam in various parts of the West Africa countries which includes ( REPUBLIC OF BENIN, TOGO, GHANA, CAMEROUN, NIGERIA , MALI AND SENEGAL, ) and they are all in our custody here in Lagos Nigeria.

The Anti-corruption war is taken a turn as the past chairman of the commission's Mr. Ibrahim Lamorde a police officer, was removed as EFCC chairman on November 9, 2015 four years after he took over as head of the anti-graft agency and is under investigation for alleged diversion of N1 trillion and charge to court on the 17th November 2015 in a supreme court in Abuja, you can also follow the link for more informations.

https://www.blueprint.ng/sacked-lamorde-faces-arrest/

The EFCC as an agency that is founded on transparency is not afraid of any "probe" or request for information regarding its activities by individuals, groups or organs of government; so far as such requests followed due process of law. The EFCC under Lamorde did not need the prompting of anyone, when it commissioned a reputable international audit firm, KPMG to carry out comprehensive audit of exhibits and forfeited assets of the Commission from 2003 to date.

We have also arrested all those who claim that they are barristers, bank officials, government officials, Lottery Agents who with-held your funds, has money for transfer or want you to be the next of kin of such funds which does not exist.

http://www.premiumtimesng.com/news/headlines/198289-lawyers-acting-technical-advisers-criminals-efccs-magu.html

We have been able to recover so much money from this hoodlums, corrupt government officials and these scam artists, the New minister of Finance Federal Republic of Nigeria Mrs. Kemi Adeosun under president Muhammadu Buhari, and the CBN issued a statement on Feburary 20th 2016 to the effect that the CBN is against the fleecing of customers under any guise and with the mandate of the Apex Bank, issued a deposit refund of N6.2 Billion excess charges on cost of transaction for 2015 alone. This refund, the CBN said arose from more 6,000 complaints of unauthorised bank charges brought to its notice. So the United Nation Anti-crime commission, the United State Government and the CBN have ordered the money recovered from the Scammers/government official to be shared among 100 Lucky people around the globe.

This email is being directed to you because your email address was found in our past Chairman computer Mr. Ibrahim Larmode hard disk during our investigation in our office here in Nigeria and with the information gathered, we notice that you have been scammed of so much money and no compensation has been given to you, so we decided to compensate you with a little token to recover the lost of your fund you are therefore being compensated with the total sum $2.5 Million Dollars.

Since your name appeared among the lucky beneficiaries who will receive a compensation of US$2.5 Million, we have made arrangement to register an Online Banking through our Global Bank, where you will have full access to your Online Banking Account Fund, to transfer your fund personally to your Private Bank Account with no complication of things or questioning as the Account will be fully registered in your Name.

The online Banking Processing is made much easier for you to transfer your fund to your private Bank Account personally, to avoid any delay or complication of things With this Online Banking Transfer Processing, you can only transfer the Maximum Amount of US$500.000.00 daily/instalmentally until the total amount of your Compensated/deposited fund is transferred and completely paid to you.

So you are advice to contact the processing officer Anti-Crime Foreign Operation Department of the (EFCC) MR. Kemal Ali who is in charge of your funds with your provided information required for verification below.

CONTACT PERSON: MR. Kemal Ali

CONTACT EMAIL ADDRESS: mr.kemalali@aol.com

CONTACT PHONE: +234(90)8281-2908

Provide the information below to enable the processing of your Online Banking Account for deposition of your total compensated fund.

    YOUR FULL NAME.

    YOUR ADDRESS.

    YOUR TELEPHONE NUMBER.

    YOUR OCCUPATION.

    YOUR IDENTITY / INTERNATIONAL PASSPORT.

    COUNTRY.

Contact MR. Kemal Ali with the information required for verification to enable him start the processing of your Online Banking Account Registration, we GUARANTEE you your safety and wish you the best of luck.

We must all act as AGENT of stamping out corruption, THE EAGLE will get you.

Best Regard,

Mr.Ibrahim Mustafa Magu

CHAIRMAN ECONOMIC & FINANCIAL CRIME COMMISSION

(EFCC) FOREIGN OPERATIONS DEPT,

LAGOS-NIGERIA.

I hope this email finds you in good spirit and in good health? because i am quite aware of your losses in the past years now through this security office intelligent track devices,it may surprise you that i am also aware of your Consignment Boxes Pursuit In Benin, Ghana, Nigeria, Malaysia, Indonesia, China etc .My name Is Kirstjen Nielsen,the Current secretary of U.S Department Of Homeland Security,i am in charge to monitor all Foreign Transactions In Africa, Europe And Asia and this kept me in constantly traveling round the world.

I have been in The U.S Department Of Homeland Security Secret Service now since The departure of John. F Kelly to the white house, monitoring the various transactions going on in Africa, Europe And Asia, most especially Consignments Cases, A.T.M Card Cases And Bank Transfer. I do not intend to spoil your day or to put you under duress but you can not receive any of your Consignments Boxes, A.T.M Card And Bank Transfer pursuit, without a Clearance from this U.S Department Of Homeland Security. However, upon my arrival in Benin after series of meetings with our President Donald Trump, and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon, due to numerous complains from other Security Agencies from Africa, Asia, Europe, Oceania, Antarctica,South America And The United States Of America Respectively, and against the Benin Government and Benin over the rate of Scam/Fraudulent Activities going on in these African Countries and around the World.

Upon my arrival at Benin Parliament in Cotonou, i went through all cases of unpaid funds, i found your Consignment Box Clearance File on the Foreign Affair Desk without any attention, i further discovered that your Consignment have been abandoned by your delivery agent.Meanwhile,i was made to understand that the Foreign Affair Office have tried to reach you but failed and they have made several attempts to contact your delivery agent but to no avail. To my greatest surprise during my recent routine Re-Checking was to discover that the content of your consignment box includes personal effects which includes $40,000,000.00 unites states dollars as stated on your the Declaration Documents.

Based on this personal discovery,i am contacting you now to let you know that with my position and power as the secretary of U.S Department Of Homeland Security and now i am presently here in Benin to handle this matter of all unpaid foreign payment to their respective owners like you,i can assist you to legally clear your Consignment Funds and personally make the shipment to you on my traveling back, but you must agree with the following conditions.Because i have called our office in Washington,Dc from here in Benin,who has been intercepting all your E-Mail Communications, telephone Text/Sms messages & all telephone Calls, with the help of Mtn, Tigo Vodafone And Airtel Network Benin. I also received some information from our Homeland Security Office representing here in Benin, they have confirmed about your emails, & other communications that you have been in contact with Hoodlums in Benin, Ghana, South Africa, Togo, Benin , UK & etc who claims to be the Western Union Directors, Banks managers and other respected Government official.

Hence fort you are advised to cut off anything you have with the above mentioned illegal offices until we complete our investigation Because your dealing with them is termed illegal and we intend to apprehend them soon.

Moreover After the meeting held today between me and some of the top Parliament members of Benin and the Minister of Foreign Affair, your consignment box was finally handed over to me with the release paper at Benin Headquarters Cotonou after we was able to waived away all your Consignment Box "Clearance Fees" and pleaded with the Government of Benin to allow me fly with your Consignment Box to make the delivery to you without any delay which they have agreed. The only Fee you will Pay to confirm Your Consignment Box received in your possession is the "Air Flight Weight Fee" of your Consignment Box which is the sum of US$410.00 only. In order words your Briefcase is with me now and i shall personal convey the consignment box to you upon my return in few days time.

Do I pay to receive my consignment box? Yes! It is your obligation to pay for your consignment box Air Flight Weight Fee, this does not cost you much money. You will pay the sum of US$410 only to have your consignment box delivered to you.

Find below the info to send the $410 through western union or Money gram for quick receipt

Receiver’s Name_____Mark Obi Country_________Benin Republic City__________Cotonou Amount_______US$410 Mtcn_______

While sending your payment info do well by Reconfirming your delivery info as listed below to ensure to ERROR***.

Your Full Name: ......... Your Full Address: ...... Your Direct Telephone Numbers: .............

NOTE: as the secretary of The United States Department Of Homeland Security, i am a Us Government Secret Security Agent and i have the power to go through any Airport Customs and security Agents without personal inspection. Hence i arrive in the state, i shall ring you to know if i will be coming straight to residential address or you bank depending on your choice.

LET ME KNOW THAT YOU RECEIVED THIS EMAIL TODAY AND IF YOU FOUND THIS EMAIL IN YOUR JUNK FOLDER THEN IT MUST BE DUE TO LOW NETWORK CONNECTION IN AFRICA.

Sincerely Yours,

CURRENT SECRETARY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY USA.

Greetings You have been gifted $5 MILLION USD From Mr Bill Gates. Contact me at this email for your claim: mrgates29@gmail.com

I hope this information meet you well as I know you will be curious to know why/how I selected you to receive a sum of $5,000,000,00 USD, our information below is 100% legitimate, please see the link below: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_%26_Melinda_Gates_Foundation

I BILL GATES and my wife decided to donate the sum of $5,000,000,00 USD to you as part of our charity project to improve the 10 lucky individuals all over the world from our $65 Billion Usd I and My Wife Mapped out to help people. We prayed and searched over the internet for assistance and i saw your profile on Microsoft email owners list and picked you. Melinda my wife and i have decided to make sure this is put on the internet for the world to see. as you could see from the webpage above,am not getting any younger and you can imagine having no much time to live. although am a Billionaire investor and we have helped some charity organizations from our Fund.

You see after taken care of the needs of our immediate family members, Before we die we decided to donate the remaining of our Billions to other individuals around the world in need, the local fire department, the red cross, Haiti, hospitals in truro where Melinda underwent her cancer treatment, and some other organizations in Asia and Europe that fight cancer, alzheimer's and diabetes and the bulk of the funds deposited with our payout bank of this charity donation. we have kept just 30% of the entire sum to our self for the remaining days because i am no longer strong am sick and am writing you from hospital computer.and me and my wife will be traveling to Germany for Treatment.

To facilitate the payment process of the funds ($5,000,000,00 USD) which have been donated solely to you, you are to send me

your full names................. your contact address.........
country :............... your personal telephone number...............

SEND YOUR ABOVE DETAILS TO mrgates29@gmail.com

so that i can forward your payment information to you immediately. I am hoping that you will be able to use the money wisely and judiciously over there in your City. please you have to do your part to also alleviate the level of poverty in your region, help as many you can help once you have this money in your personal account because that is the only objective of donating this money to you in the first place.

Thank you for accepting our offer, we are indeed grateful You Can Google my name for more information: Mr Bill Gates or Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation

Remain Blessed

Regards

GOOD NEWS FROM MRS MELANIA TRUMP

I am Mrs Melania Trump and I'm written you from the White House.

My Daughter atends youre School and I would like two Discuss

her dificulty with the Billion Humane morgue Hearts in Nuclear

Reactors. Repeatedly only think Atom God Loves moving Cocaine into Bank

Computers from Heroin Dealers in Court Tunnels kidnaping in Hospitals,

Baby Swapping in all Countries Elevators and School Tunnels to Mcdonalds

Hamburger Humane Morgue Meat in Airplane meals first served aboard 400

Handley O Page Biplane Bombers modified fore passengers. The New York

World Trade Centers 4 Nuclear Reactors, 50 Floors No Electricity fore 36

Hours until the World Trade Center Collapse 9/11 Fire Fighters and

Police given free Starbucks Coffee and Pastries. Defense Advanced

Research DARPA CEO Kevin Johnson a Microsoft director Became CEO

Starbucks Coffee Founded by Dirk *Benedict Produced Battle Star

Galactica and played Lieutenant Starbucks Homeland Destroyed by Nuclear

Weapons. White Whale Moby Dick, Stubb tells Fleece he needs to be born

again to learn how to cook a steak correctly. “Moab“ Captain Ahaba

Starbuck Chief Mate watching food cargo Named Worlds largest Starbucks

Coffee rejecting the name Pequot, Captain Peleg ship departed Manhattan

Christmas Day. The London Stock exchange originally Coffee shops ran

London Metal Exchange President named the Cocktail Drink Rudolf Wolff &

Co became Germany Largest conglomerates Metallgesellschaft 250

subsidiaries specializing in mining is €4.4 billion Revenue GEA Group

Beverages and Dairy Farm equipment Dynamit Nobel Exporter

nitroglycerin destroyed a Wells Fargo Bank and Gelignite Explosion 89

people died 1st US stock exchange Tontine Coffee House Buttonwood

agreement created The New York Stock exchange land was one of A&P 16,000

Grocery Stores 40 years World Largest retailer A&P Grocery was World

Trade Center Land in 1921 to 1966 Radio Row

Hello!

I'm a programmer who cracked your email account and device about half year ago. You entered a password on one of the insecure site you visited, and I catched it. Your password from (my email) on moment of crack: notmypassword

Of course you can will change your password, or already made it. But it doesn't matter, my rat software update it every time.

Please don't try to contact me or find me, it is impossible, since I sent you an email from your email account.

Through your e-mail, I uploaded malicious code to your Operation System. I saved all of your contacts with friends, colleagues, relatives and a complete history of visits to the Internet resources. Also I installed a rat software on your device and long tome spying for you.

You are not my only victim, I usually lock devices and ask for a ransom. But I was struck by the sites of intimate content that you very often visit.

I am in shock of your reach fantasies! Wow! I've never seen anything like this! I did not even know that SUCH content could be so exciting!

So, when you had fun on intime sites (you know what I mean!) I made screenshot with using my program from your camera of yours device. After that, I jointed them to the content of the currently viewed site.

Will be funny when I send these photos to your contacts! And if your relatives see it? BUT I'm sure you don't want it. I definitely would not want to ...

I will not do this if you pay me a little amount. I think $887 is a nice price for it!

I accept only Bitcoins. My BTC wallet: XXX

If you have difficulty with this - Ask Google "how to make a payment on a bitcoin wallet". It's easy. After receiving the above amount, all your data will be immediately removed automatically. My virus will also will be destroy itself from your operating system.

My Trojan have auto alert, after this email is looked, I will be know it!

You have 2 days (48 hours) for make a payment. If this does not happen - all your contacts will get crazy shots with your dirty life! And so that you do not obstruct me, your device will be locked (also after 48 hours)

Do not take this frivolously! This is the last warning! Various security services or antiviruses won't help you for sure (I have already collected all your data).

Here are the recommendations of a professional: Antiviruses do not help against modern malicious code. Just do not enter your passwords on unsafe sites!

I hope you will be prudent. Bye.

Background: I work as a receptionist who also looks after the HR Department’s incoming resumes, which is why the name they’ve autofilled is ‘Jobs’. Every so often, we get spam emails such as this and this is the worst one yet.

Jobs,

The whole Australia has failed! Needles are now found in Strawberries, Bananas, even Bread!

Look Jobs, we cannot go to our departmental stores or super markets. We all know that this is a new striking method for local workers to ask for a raise! They are doing this to threat the management! Bad local workers, Bad!

But hey Jobs, I wouldn't worry about it. I am doing my food in Indian groceries out of station. Indian stores are safe, they don't put any metals in it. Hindu religion doesn't even hurt animals, how could they hurt human? Oh, also, we have plenty of them in Sydney too.

So this is the thing, not only we should go to Indian groceries instead, but also consider employing workers belong to the Indian descent only. As I told you, they won't make your service/goods injurious to your customer. Indian people has bottom lines, unlike the local Aussies in this food scare case.

Remember Jobs, don't hire the local Aussies, hire Indian background only. Further to your notice: don't hire Arab terrorists, they would poison your food instead. Don't you know they poison the Lilyfield dog park in Sydney? And Certainly also, don't employ Chinese baby food thieves! They steal every thing in the company! Oh, Also, please don't deal with the Italians too, they are professional con man and every body in Australia hate them!

Please do as I said and you will be fine. I am Angeline and I am local Aussie, I am telling you the truth.

Angeline Woodard

ASSIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP..... OVERDUE FUND RELEASED TODAY


I am  Mrs. Melania Trump, and I am writing to inform you about your Bank Check Draft brought back
by the United Embassy from the government of Benin Republic in the white house Washington DC been 
mandated to be deliver to your home address once you reconfirm it with the one we have here with 
us to avoid wrong delivery

Sixty million united states dollars 60,000,000,00usd that was assigned to be delivered to your humble
home address by my husband Honorable president Donald Trump the president of this great country this week 
by a delivery agent Mr ROCHAS JESUS I will like you to reconfirm to me the following details

1. Full Names :
2. Residential Address :
3. Mobile Number:
4. Fax Number :
5. Occupation :
6. Sex :
7. Age :
8. Nationality :
9. Country :
10. Marital Status :

The reason I ask you to reconfirm to me this following details is to avoid wrong delivery.
FOR MORE INFORMATION  ABOUT THE ORIGIN OF YOUR FUND YOU CAN CALL OR
TEXT MY HUSBAND THE PRESIDENT OF THIS GREAT NATION +1 360 362 8307

Yours Sincerely,
MRS Melania Trump
FIRST_LADY USA
GOD BLESS AMERICA
1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, DC 20500, United States

Note: the name "Jobs" is because the email address it was sent to is jobs@ourcompany.com, the email address our job applicants send resumes to. Also, all spelling mistakes and grammatical errors are as written.

Jobs, sorry about the changes, the [city on the other side of the country] train is eating my brain! The failed again on Saturday, lots of work delaying so we have to reschedule the meeting details below:

The [same city] train failure is caused by the local white aussies who don't even know how to use electronics properly, and all those white CXOs being ignorant of the situation!

If we compare the train system in India, let me tell you something, India is a vast country, but unlike [same city] they never missing the schedule! The India train system id First-Class! Make no mistakes, it is better than European, better than Chinese, and certainly better than Australian!

Jobs, do you know that all needful to do is to employing more people belong to the India heritage, I mean more drivers, more managers, more engineers from India and problem solved! Indian people work much harder than local aussies and never make so many mistakes as those locals! Sadly I was riding the city rail a lot but hardly see any train drivers who belong to the subcontinental heritage, there is clear discrimination in [same city] rail system! This year we also see many system failures in our bannking systems and Telecom systems and I am sure that is because they only hiring local white illiterate!

Jobs, please do one thing, when recommending people to interview, please recommend Indian heritage only! Also please write to government and all Australian companies should starting to employ more Indian background workers right now, please do this as soon as possible!

Thank you for your help!

Kate

What's up.

If u were more careful while playing with yourself, I wouldn't worry you. I don't think that playing with yourself is extremely awful, but when all your friends, relatives, сolleagues get video record of it- it is definitely terrible for u.

I seized virus on a porn site which was visited by you. When the victim click on a play button, device starts recording the screen and all cameras on your device begins working.

Moreover, soft makes a dedicated desktop supplied with keylogger function from the device , so I could collect all contacts from ur e-mail, messengers and other social networks. I've chosen this e-mail because It's your corporate address, so you should check it.

In my opinion 420 usd is pretty enough for this little false. I made a split screen video(records from screen (interesting category ) and camera ooooooh... its awful AF)

So its your choice, if u want me to erase ur disgrace use my bitcоin wаllеt аddrеss: 1N98XVCqdnr9tHiFUH5kFJg689QV8Ue1Dg

You have one day after opening my message, I put the special tracking pixel in it, so when you will open it I will know.If ya want me to show u the proofs, reply on this message and I will send my creation to five contacts that I've got from ur contacts.

P.S. You are able to complain to cops, but I don't think that they can solve ur problem, the inquisition will last for one year- I'm from Ukraine - so I dgf lmao

Dear Friend,

Between waking and sleeping I am susceptible to the visions that the Higher Powers want to share with me.

Last night I saw that you needed my help. This happened to me. I have rarely had such a powerful vision.

Click here and discover what I saw about you.

You are a very special person. I know you have not always had it easy in your life. You can use my help now. You are struggling with certain important matters. You know intuitively that if you did not have these problems, your life would look very different. I have good news for you:

You can now put an end to your worries.

The Higher Powers have brought me on your path. I feel that I must help you. This will not only positively influence your life, but also the one of many others around you.

What is currently most important to you? Take your heart's desire into mind and I will make sure it will come out.

Embrace your chance now, because the Higher Powers are now involved in your destiny. Everything will go better with my help. Everything will change! But the choice is yours. You only have three days to make use of my offer.

Read my instructions carefully, because I am going to tell you what you need to do to make your life fortunate.



This came as an email entry to my professional website, and it had me rofling. Nothing altered about the text except [] where I indicate I've removed a potentially harmful link wherever it says "charmdate review."

shall we be Neanderthals

subscribersGo to heart to control personal :this ProfileJust so, what conducted happen to the Neanderthals? that are 30,000 in years past (offer or possibly a use 5,000 charmdate review [spam link redacted] seasons) A species of humans which had taken over the uk longer compared present day technology are blessed with was there gone away. we offer fossils toward s Neand moreovererthals their particular materials masking hundreds years and years thous, in addition over 10,000 prolonged time just after trendy people arrived in the european union, everyone traces with all the Neanderthals ended past.issue which is will crop up is: engaged in modernized folks get rid of the Neanderthals, along with finished we just ab sorb charmdate review [spam link redacted] these? it's triggered a hot argument in the paleoanthropology, which inturn has arrived at two inconsistent system connected signals. get tried this in advance forward eccentricities, But the debate endures.the latest volley using this question is often a newspapers which experts claim came out edition week's from diary divo rce proceedings the nation's school National charmdate review [spam link redacted] of Sciences. dr. Erik Trinkaus regarding miami university in saint. Louis history to do with the dog's experiments of a typical 30,000 yr old guess mind shown within Romanian cavern quite 50 years in the past. Trinkaus is a physical anthropologist, and consequently a reliable by human body structure Neerthal. your current skull, this individual deals with, means a crossbreed out of live people and moreover Neerthals, by using consists of defined to every pooled in a fossil.Neanderthals have a number of physiological variation using people. the obvious ones truly compliment, reduced head, understanding that initiatives reverse a lot more than in humankind, which include a skin that a majority of developments onward much more, accompanied by a diminishing face coupled with dense brow ridge. these folks were is diminished, nonetheless,however it undoubtedly better quality deeper and as well more powerful whenever contemporary men and women. The skull Trinkaus informed relating to delivers the nasal area additionally forehead of today's psychological, But the back of the skull along with jawbone are much similar to a Neerthal. Trinkaus, in all reality, offers previously mentioned on the topic of any other fossils who he likewise is persuaded are the result of Neand alsoerthal your mixing the ancient mating in european union.it appears correctly logical which will folks stepping into the european union may well fusion but chum over the, albeit rather numerous searching for man, who have been absolutely along with. there are a number articles in human history for communities entering into certainly filled elements and thus putting together the residents, despite the fact in which retention is occasionally commanded and even chaotic. the differences in the middle of Neaserthals contemporary human subjects will have been not so great in order to avoid as this particular.virtually all pretty likely, in reality there is distinctive line of signals totally from medicine of the fact that television shows and movies no signs and symptoms of the mixing finds Trinkaus. within the last a long time french as well as our researchers have been scavenging Negenetic make-uperthal everything from samples of area, so as to rebuild a little something Neanderthal genome. typically really committed represent, since its basically only been lots of years since we've been able to recover any other dna right from fossils the least bit, since what looking for gathered to get miniature fragments. often, the art has got gained more than enough genetic it can be in comparison morning real human. those of you result all ready teach there presently exists no remarkably Neanderthal ancestral writes in the current human beings genome. to phrase it differently, while using ancestral performance, in the instance that man also Nebasicallyerthals do you think interbreed, next not necessarily just are also the Neandert hals vanished, consequently so will likely be the Neanderthal staff hybrid cars.this approach, obviously, wouldn't turn out Neand alsoerthals human did that mix significantly as can say we the mix were primarily beneficial, because doing so do not continue to persist inside of contemporary times. the exact it is partially jobs seriously is not though complete, also, So there can always be a bit of turn which the Neanderthals have lived with regards to. indeed forking out any individual playing field nighttime time to a basketball drink station provide you with a lot of strong historical signs for the particular.ontario really should take a permanent approach to oil and alternativesWhile Canadian people in politics foyer a number of states to take much of our oil and coal implies of pipelines, rail as well north shipping charges tracks, science galleries across the country typically highlighting a cleanser work destiny. continue reading this postLet's show up at Mars, fortuna tely be sure to that for the right reasonsA other submit inside the US domestic check out local authority or council on Spaceflight recommends a much more good option to passing along human being beings to Mars, since purpose of the fact that heading out also there, "makes sure the medical of the human being variety out of toward soil village, this may last ground our nation discover most other industrys. read on this postIf a lot of people saw aliens, how would when i converse with them?NASA just circulated a online rent about what you should whenever you contact an additional bright world in enough space. it turns out that just saying how are you,what's up a powerful nonresident is a great deal more challenging in contrast you may think. stay with me this document.

I am Ms. Liza Wong the Head of Accounting Audit Department of HSBC BANK (HSBC)in Malaysia.
In my department in the Bank where i work, I discovered a sum of $85.5 Million USD In an account that belongs to one of our foreign deceased customers, a billionaire Business Mogul Late Mr.Moises Saba Masri, a Jew from Mexico who was a victim of a helicopter crash since 2010 which resulting to his death and his family members.

You can see more information about Saba Masri Mr.Moises unfortunate end accident on the website-link below.

http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3832556,00.html

A Mexican business tycoon was killed along with at least two members of his family in a helicopter crash on the outskirts of Mexico City on Sunday night, emergency ...

Now our bank has been waiting for any of the relatives to come forth for the claim but nobody has done that SINCE 2010. I personally have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives,Which the Board of Directors are planning to share this funds among them-self.
Which i have good heart to use this funds to help the poor and street children also the motherless home.. I want to build my orphanage home I dont know about you.
I seek your consent as my foreign business partner in this transaction to present you as the next of kin/Beneficiary to the deseased, so that the funds of this account valued at $85.5 Million usd can be paid to your local bank account in your country. Also this transaction is 100% free risk, because i have all the legal document with me to make this transaction possible, and the funds we be share 50/50

Do Provide me the following few information about you, as we have few days to run it through.

1, Your Full names:.............................
2, Your age:..........................
3, Your private phone number:...............
4, Your current country and residential address:........
5, Your Occupation:.....................

Please on your confirmation of this message and indicating your interest,
i will furnish you with more information on this business transaction once i get your respond back asap.

Best Regard
Ms. Liza Wong

like i said before .. i am from Indonesia but my husband is from Vietnam and we live in United Kingdom ,  I lost my  husband on August 16, 2016 . meanwhile i have been struggling with cancer for long time and my doctor said that the present stage is uncontrollably and I have a few months more to live . Before the death of my husband , he work a contract with the British government worth of 4.7 million dollars , but death took him away before the money is sent to my bank account , my husband was a philanthropist before his death , he also encouraged me to help poor peoples , because since we got married we have not been able to have any child .

          Because of the condition of my health i have sent two million dollars to my home town ( Indonesia ) and have deposited 700,000.00 $ to the hospital for my medication , i will like to send the remaining two million dollars to you so that you will help me to give it to the poor peoples and the widows over there in Vietnam as instructed by my late husband since we did not have any children to inherit this money , Please do not discriminate on religion , race , ethnicity  when handling this project . Try to reply me immediately for more information . May God bless you and your family , I would love to talk to you on the phone , but the problem is that i do not know the language and can not speak well due to pains , please keep this information very secret , never tell anyone about this money at all for security reasons .

I wanted to give this money for the less privileged people in over there through you , Thank you for your attention to my situation and i pray that God will give you a good heart to handle this project with sincerity because  i will not be there watching you for this project or know how you spend the money , but God will be there to see you , you should take 30% of the total money for your personal use and use the rest for charity work , please do not allow bad friends or family members to deceive you to use all the money for yourself because the consequences will be on you.

Thank you for accepting my friend request, I'm from Indonesia but my husband is from Vietnam and we live in the UK, sorry I did not write the language well because I was still learning the language   

Read this warn carefully, since it can be the last in your life.

People are by nature envious. Given the fact of successful development of your business, people (your rival ) paid me 30,000 Pound Sterling for your severed hands.

It's not the first time I've done this kind of work, but I'm already tired of these envious bastards and your life will be the last one I'll take or will not do, it's up to you.

Under normal circumstances, I would just do the work for which I was paid without going into the details, but I'm going to get away from it and go on a long-awaited vacation.

You have 2 versions for solving this problem.

Accept my proposal or deny.

You pay me 5000 GBP for safe your life and you receive all the information about the customer with whom you apply to the police and thus you save your life and the lives of your relatives.

The second option is you ignore my proposal and turn to the police, but by the same token you will only postpone your judgment day, even if I can not do the work, then another person will do it, not within a week and say in a month or half a year, but order for your head will be fulfilled sooner or later.

Thus, you will be afraid of every rustle, walk around looking and thinking that you are being persecuted.

If you want such a life, your choice, but if I were you, I would think very well.

Tickets to England have been taken for July 28, and you have exactly 3 days to transfer money to an anonymous account bitcoin 12uN54iSKkPSD8GxnX9DP8dMu5mKMsgW5C.

The last time I can check it 28th before flying to you.

In the event of receiving a reward, I will not come to take your life, but will also pass all the information about your customer (Let the bastards get what they deserve) and you can protect yourself, otherwise you know the consequences.

The well-being of the future life depends on your choice.

Think about your life, you family.

Hiya,
Momentarily every man will get to learn about yours private mania Everyone would learn about yours secret gasser soon Your intimate fling would go public soon. And you will be struck with shame! What's the pitch?
Bug attacked at your notebook all while you made a visit erotic site and beat the dummy When you stronk watching movie at a porno Internet resource I uploaded virus to your notebook computer.

This is modified bug This bug is very wise one! Your front camera was turned on and thanks to this I own video on which you feel yourself!
Just now it access to all contact files With a help of this malware I gain all your contact information. So I have all your contacts and movie with you masturbating.
Do you want to make a spectacle of yourself? There is only one solution of the problem You should give me U.S.Dollars 400 and I should annul that black PR image In a case if you give I will annul this files.
Forward USD 400 to 1DdHPzByicZ1XrRiVGdg1Vr758kDB1KH9g Bitcoin wallet addresse failing that you should became star in the Internet.
Alternatively I going to mail it to all contact information If not it would forwarded to all your contact information.
All the family members and workfellows shall learn about it Do you want to make a surprise to all the relatives and coworkers?
That is mine Bitcoin wallet addresse 1DdHPzByicZ1XrRiVGdg1Vr758kDB1KH9g.
You have exactly 24 hours.
If I get cash I will destroy that dirt completely and thoroughly.
P.S. I beg pardon for my grammar, but I guess you understand. I ’m jailbreaker I live in China. Please don’t give an answer to this outbox because I have hacked it.

I think this guy must know I work in tech. He said 'modified' bug, so I guess he assume I know what a normal bug is.

Hello,

I am Kim Leang and a personal Accountant/Executive board of Directors with Foreign Trade Bank of Cambodia (FTB).

it is with good spirit of heart i opened up this great opportunity to you A deceased client of mine that shares almost the same name as yours died as a result of heart-related condition on march 2005. His heart condition was duo to the death of the members of his family in the tsunami disaster on the 26 December 2004 in Sumatra Indonesia where they all lost their lives

There is a draft account opened in my bank in 1999 by a long-time client our bank,a national of your country.he was a CEO/a textile company owner,business man,a miner at kruger mining company here in Cambodia. he was a geologist and consultant to several other mining conglomerates operating in Cambodia,China,Taiwan,Japan,Indonesia,Pakistan,Vietnam all in Asia,before he passed away on 12th march 2005 leaving nobody as the next of kin of his account after his death.

The amount in this account is currently $32,640,000 (Thirty Two Million Six Hundred and Forty Thousand United States Dollars) I want to present you as a beneficiary,I will use my position and influence in our bank to make they release this money to you for us to share.If i wait for days and i do not hear from you,I shall look for another person.

Kindly get back to me for more details

Yours sincerely

Experiment #007945

Your time to realign with society has finished, and now is fine to start your mission.

A parcel is coming for you, it will arrive within the week.

RE: Careers in Sydney please don't do this al your business will go down quicker

Simon, first allow me to clarify I am from European background as my name tells.

I know it is hard time for your company. Everyone is talking about that you will start to redundant people, but please be very careful of what you are doing here.

Simon, it is totally fine to fire the local workers, especially the white people. Just never: NEVER redundant people from Indian background!!!

As we all know that workers from India has much better performance then local whites, if you fire them it is clear sign of discrimination, and you busines has to pay big fine to settle it and you also has to compensate every damage caused to the worker.

In Sydney, the Indian workers has powerful connections, they have no win no fee lawyers protecting them. Everytime you fire a worker of India background for whatever reason, they will bring up the lawyers and sue you to your underwear, and I am serious! Just be careful, many workers here in Sydney from India have HUGE home mortgage, and they will use what ever they have to fight against you. And if they lose house because of you make them redundant, you will have to pay all their losses, almost buying a new house for them, and you know how expensive houses are in Sydney!

So Simon here is the deal, When laying off people, just go for the locals, nobody cares about them, or even, you should start with laying off Chinese first!! they won't even squeak! And Chinese workers always have the worst performance after all, everyone know that. Just remember DO NOT lay off people from Indian, they are the best, why would you do that anyway.

Jamie Morris

Hello Dear,

My Name is Miss Faith Okeke, 26 years old, a citizen of Ghana. I am a computer analyst currently working with Central Bank of Nigeria. I just started working with Central Bank of Nigeria. (C.B.N.) My Dear, I came across your payment file which was Marked X and your Fund Release Hard Disk Painted Red, I took my time to study your payment file and found out that you have really attempted to receive the funds without success till now.

The most annoying thing is that the directors and top officials of this nation could not tell you the truth that on no account will they ever release the fund to you; instead they will let you spend money unnecessarily. I swear with my life, I can release this funds to you if you can certify me of my security and how I can run away from this country to meet with you. This is like a Mafia Setting here, if I do this for you, I do not intend to work here all the days of my life and I cannot run back to Ghana as this Bank have my home address in Ghana, and if I don't run away after I making the transfer to your bank account, I may be in trouble or my life will be in danger.

The only thing I will need to release this fund is a Special Hard Disk, we call it HD120 GIG. I will buy two of it, recopy your information, destroy the previous one, and punch the computer to make the fund reflect in your bank account within 24 banking hours. I will clean up the tracer and destroy your file, after which I will run away from here to meet with you in your country if you are interested. But you must assure me the absolute confidentiality of this deal before I can do anything further.Do get in touch with me immediately,You should send to me your convenient tell/fax numbers for easy communications and also re confirm your banking details, so that there won't be any mistake. For phone conversation,please call me on +234-8052520211

SPECIAL INFORMATION:

YOU WILL SEND THE FEE FOR THE HARD DISK FIRST BEFORE I MAKE YOUR TRANSFER OR YOU BUY THE HARD DISK IN YOUR COUNTRY AND SEND IT TO ME,DON'T CONTACT ME IF YOU CAN NOT SEND THE HARD DISK FEE FIRST OR THE HARD DISK. AS SOON AS I RECEIVED YOUR EMAIL I WILL LET YOU KNOW HOW MUCH THE DISK WILL COST YOU.

Regards,

Miss FAITH OKEKE

Computer Analyst

CONFIDENTIAL DIPLOMATIC IMMUNITY PAYMENT

Attn:Sir/Madam

I am major general babagana, National Adviser to President President Muhammadu Buhari the president Federal Republic of Nigeria. I decided to contact you because of the prevailing security report reaching my office and the intense nature of polity in Nigeria. I Determined To Make Contact With You As Of The Widespread Refuge Information Reaching My Office And The Severe Nature Of Guidelines In My Country.

This Is To Enlighten You About Our Arrangement To Send Fund To You Via Cash Release As It Is The Only System That Will Be Easier For You And Us, We Are Going To Send Your Contract/ inheritance Part Payment Of 10 Million United States Dollars By Way Of Diplomatic Cash Delivery.

Note:The Money Is Coming On 2 Security Proof Boxes. The Boxes Are Sealed With Synthetic Nylon That Was Sealed And Padded With Machine.

This Fund Was Brought To Us For Our Local A.F.E.M. Market, But Since The Money Was Not Used, I Will Use My Position As The National Adviser to President To Send This Fund To You.

All You Need To Do Now Is To Send To Me Your Full House Address And Your Identity Such As, International Passport Or Drivers License Including Your Contact Phone & Fax Numbers For Easy Communication, The Diplomatic Attached Will Travel With It. He Will Call You Immediately He Arrives in Your Country Airport. Hope This Is All Right By You? I Will Enlighten You When The Special Grace Of God Will Airlift The Boxes.

Note: The Diplomats Do Not Know The Original Contents Of The Boxes. What I Acknowledged To Them As The Contents Is Sensitive Photographic Film Material. I Did Not Declare Money To Them Please. If They Call You And Ask You The Contents Please Tell Them The Same Thing. Send Me An Email And I?ll Let You Know How Far I Have Gone With The Arrangement.

Please I Need Urgent Reply Because The Boxes Are Scheduled To Be As Soon As We Hear From You.



Kindly note that you are required as a matter of urgency to reconfirm your information including your name,phone number and your address for verification and immediate payment within 24 hours to enable your payment of US$10.7Million.This is as a result of the mandate given to me by the President Federal Republic in conjunction with the Federal Executive Council (FEC),the Senate Committee on Foreign Debts Reconciliation and Implementation Panel on Contract/inheritance/compensation funds to complete all the unpaid Contract/inheritance/lottery fund.



KINDLY NOTE THAT SOME IMPOSTERS HAVE STARTED MAKING FORGERY OF MY GOOD NAME

INTERNATIONAL RECONCILIATION AND LOGISTICS VAULT, UNITED NATIONS OFFICE (UN) COMPENSATION SETTLEMENT OF ESCROW ACCOUNTS.

It is a pleasure to write you that we have reconciled with our logistic department on the reimbursement of some fund spent by you during the cause of your inadequate dealings with some imposters who claim to be staff in banks and other regional payment centers. Our reconciliation teams with the prospectus instrument of the United Nations after freezing suspected imposters account. This support was fully effective with the help of World Bank after a summit meeting in London, on the financial analysis and financial stability issues fluctuating the economy with the international global standard.

After gathering of this sum, our logistic department gave us a list of beneficiaries to be paid a sum of Five Million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars Only ($5,500,000.00) United States Dollars who fell victims to these imposters due to unawareness. And mode of payment was as well specified for proper conducts and financial regulations to kick against criminality during process of payment. We have arranged your payment through our swift card centers, with the latest instruction from United Nations Office And International Monetary Fund Reconciliation Office.

The card center will send you an Atm Master Card which you will use to withdraw your money in any Atm Center, Banks and Union Pay Credit outlets in the world; You are hereby selected as an honor for this payment approval worth Five Million Five Hundred Thousand United States of America Dollars ($5,500,000.00), which you are to acknowledge the receipt of this mail in returning the required below to the Logistic Department by email listed below for immediately release of your above stated compensated funds so that there will be not mistake while delivering your funds to your home.

Office of Reconciliation and Logistics Vaults,United Nations Office Representatives In Benin Contact him with the following Information's as confirmed Below;






For your information, you have to stop any further communication with any other person or office claiming to be the right office to avoid any hitches in receiving your payment. Because of Impostors, we hereby issued you our code of conduct, which is (Atm-7750) so you have to indicate this code when contacting the Card Center by using it as your subject. Thanks and remain Blessed.




I hope this information reach to you well as I know you will be curious to know why how I selected you to receive a cash sum of $2,000,000,00 USD,our information below is 100% legitimate,I Mr.Amancio Ortega and my wife Rosalia fashion businessman and founding chairman of the Inditex fashion group,of Zara clothing showrooms around the world,I and my wife Rosalia mapping out this donation funds every Year to 20 countries all over the world where our company is been located in the world.





























We specialize in the following and many more:
So that HE can forward your payment information to you immediately:
Also reconfirm your full information:

    Full Name
    Phone Number
    Contact Address
    Country
	Alcoholic Infections
	Staphylococcus Aureus
	Rheumatism
	Breast Lump and Cancer
	Love Spell
	Getting your husband/wife back
	Mental illness
	Epilepsy
	Diabetes
	Asthma
	Diabolical poison
	Stomach Ulcer
	High Fever
	Protection of Life
	Family problems
	Infertility and Barrenness
	Promotion of business
	Marriage Problem
	Political Power
	Winning your Political election
	To make wealth
	To stay in an office without being transferred
	Prostrate Cancer 25
	Your full names
	Your contact address
	Your personal telephone number
	Your Date of birth
	Your Marital Status
	Your Occupation
	One Passport photographs
	Any of your valid Identity








PS - As a Teacher I feel the need to tell you that your English skills need addressing.